Hey.
Enjoyed the way your profile read. I liked what you said about loving java lol

Worse case. We may make cool friends. So, let’s talk about a drink/coffee.


Wow !!! Those lips


Hey, I'm just going to cut to the point you're gorgeous and I was wondering if you would like to have some fun and hook Up?


hello there, my name is joe i read over your profile and i like what i see ^_^. we have alot in common and id like to talk with ya. hope to hear back from you....love the smile in the pics btw...gorgeous..^-^


You're a beautiful woman with what appears to be a fun profile and we're a "huge" match (91%)... Where in the city are you located?



you have a cute butt? So basically the perfect girl?! Right? Haha :)


Woow beauty with brains.. I admire girls like you


What exactly does your job entail? I'm personally a sports broadcast journalist and a sports magazine journalist.


If you could have dinner with anyone in the world (alive or dead) who would it be?


How are you doing? like to meet you, are you available ?


I've always wanted to date somebody who was kinky AND thrifty.
Maybe we could fool around in a dollar store...
make out at a yard sale....
the possibilities are endless

Hi there, so I know that this may not be your brand of vodka, but I fig what the hell, I am a kind of older (47) married (shhhh) artist and college professor. I'm sure you get a crap ton of emails a day, but like I said before I had to try! Lol I hope to hear from you, let's chat, you never know right!? And, I'm sorry again because I know that you get this all the time, but I do find you incredibly hot!

Would you like to have a talk or met up face to face for a date?

Well hello new friend. I'm Kris. How's it going. How's your okcupid adventure going thus far? :)

I'm a graphic designer, I laughed at your copy/paste thing because I work in Photoshop so much that when it comes to things in real life like hanging a picture on the wall or something and telling myself if I don't like it that; I can just command z. Then I realize what the fuck was thinking? How stoned am I that I thought I could remotely do that.

I'm having trouble explaining what I'm talking about, but it's cool. No one likes me anyway.

Best of luck,
Cori

How's your week starting out? I relaxed last night with whiskey and a pool table but some tourists yelled at me when I took a much needed piss beside an old church on my way home. Oops! I'm going to be working on a documentary in Chicago most of the spring/summer so maybe you can show me around. Let's wander with flasks and cause some trouble

-Paul


can I be your slave? :)

I thought maybe I made you up. I was on here last night right before bed and I saw a beautiful woman with whom I had a 99% match. I was kinda doped up on NyQuil and trazadone though (#mancold) so I opted out of sending you a message. When I checked back this morning I didn't see you. :( ..but now you're back. :)
Anyway, I'm Liam. And I'm glad you're not Tyler Durden. Lol.
...or maybe you are. 0_o
Either way I figured I should start a dialogue right?

Hey there lady pants

Wow, you are exceptionally pretty.. Hi :-)

Thats an unique name :) How is life treating you these days? Enjoying the nice weather out?

BTW, I am Joe

hey hot stuff

Heyllo there ;) How's your day?

Hi , hope you are doing well :)
check my profile and if you like me we could get to know better

I think "CMD+Z" would make a great t-shirt. I'd tell everyone it's my designing shirt. But copy/paste a bottle of whiskey? Much better!

Well you're a sight for sore eyes on a brutal Monday miss. What's your go to movie? Not completely random, i promise ;)

The imagery you paint seems to want to strike a cord with me.. staring at a computer at work and at the wall when I get home such has been my life for the greater part of my adult life.

How did you get into coding JavaScript professionally?

Suspiria looks pretty solid, in a late 70s kind of way. You madd it through the whole movie?

You wanna come over and have sex tonight with me?

Hi there missy! How you doing this gorgeous weekend?

You fucking sexy

Are you up for good time with good company in Chitown? 🍷🍾🎻🎷
You look very cool!


Heya, you really like fucking with words. I dig it. Wondering if you could help me out. I'm here visiting a friend for the weekend and want to find a good late night spot. Any suggestions??

hi you have pretty eyes

Hi
YOu look so beautiful
I'm Haider 30 years old single man
If you interesting to start dating text me back please
ok bitch you are a bitch

So do you lip sync from memory, or do you have music playing?

Do you do HTML5 and CSS3 while you are looping some JAVA script lol

Hello beautiful. How are you doing? Can I ask you for a date today?

Writing JavaScript reminded me of the funny lyrics from white and nerdy. Hilarious

Nice pics. I wanna rub my penis on them.

I think I saw you last night. Did you perform at The Mutiny?

I reckon meeting over a few drinks might be a lot of fun! What do you say?

I realise I am older than your stated preference, but we seem a good match and you seem open minded, so I figured you'd be ok with me asking. Hope that's the case!

How's the world on your end Lisa?

Going through all those girls in here trying to find a face to blow me away!
And...awww....here you are....
Speechless!!
Wanna find out if there is more...??

Hopefully you'll not get much to read on my profile but take a chance to know me. If we meet, hopefully there will be a spark to get a fire going!!!! If no spark, I can always use a wonderful friend! You're beautiful, Life is short so let's shoot for the stars!!! Let's be Awesome together!!! Tega

Do you like to dress in vintage clothing and suck cocks?

What's the craziest line someone told you on here?

What I’m doing with MY life
most days I stare at a computer screen and lip sync http://tinyurl.com/k49828y while writing JavaScript for loops.

So what's your poison? Vanilla javascript? jQuery? Angular?

~ Andrew

Hey! How's it going and what are you looking for on here? Relationship, friends with benefits with gift perks or pay2play? Let me know!

Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow.

Que lovely

Hi Becky. Looking good over there? Beautiful eyes. I was wondering if you would .... I'd like to meet you and see if we can match up ;)


You're cute who are you & how come you're not my girlfriend?

69% match ;) Well whaddya know

hey you wanna date? will you show me some of your javascript stuff , I 'd love to see some javascript in action :-)

Do you think and maybe you consider on giving one chance to someone who is fun, genuine and confident, someone who doesn't has drama?

Writing codes, very nice. So telling me not only intelligent but omg look at those pics. Had to fan myself down like a southern belle lol.
You look really pretty. My name's Joseph. How was your week? Kinda busy?

Hey there! How are you? I would love to get to know you. Are you interested in chatting?

i apologize for not having many pics or words written on my page. i am just quite baffled by this whole online thing and just have no idea what to wright yet. a bit about me...i have lots of hair. im 6ft. a bit muscular or husky. a good smile. and im very nice and silly almost always. lets chat a bit n see were it goes... thanx for your time n i hope you have a beautiful day...
random fact: my dad is an elvis impersonator.
random fact 2: the word for fear of long words is 35 letters long!
hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia

hi beautiful how are you?

You seem fairly insane ...want to be friends!? *nods slowly up and down*
Mhhh... Vintage synths... kinda like vocaloids almost... ALMOST..
How's life?

hello beautiful i'm jeff

Cute
You
Are

for (var i in vivavx) { alert('pleasebecky, respond to tal' + Array(i).join('!')); }

drinks then sex then breakfast?

You seem really interesting. What's up? My name is Jason. What's yours?

I'm not to sure if we are looking for the same thing at all or not but to be blunt i think you are just incredibly attractive so i figured I'd ask. If you find anything on my profile that interests you I will gladly send you a picture and I think we could find something that we both would enjoy. If not, sorry and hope I didn't offend.

Hey, I JUST got back from a week in Japan. How was your week?


Hi. How's it going? You seem cool. What kind of synths?
Jason

Hi there. I'm Trevor. If an attractive, fun and flirtatious man piques your interest, would love to connect

Becky,
Give the javascript a miss
At least for one day please?

Your profile photo is stunning! What sort of vintage synths are you singing along to? (Stuff like Cars?)

Hey, so what album made you want to run out and play synths?

How do you make a tissue dance?

Hey, what's goin on? I'm Jordan and I thought I'd introduce myself, what's up? How was your Friday night? Any interesting plans for you weekend?

Hey! I'm Jonathan, saw that we matched and thought I'd introduce myself. My profile is a bit lacking atm, but promise I'm not a catfish haha

Viv,
I don't know.
How can you answer "indifferent" to a face slap which comes from intense feelings, sexual intoxication, and a righteous taste for this sort of thing/kink?
fyi: Your video link is dead; owner took it down, sorry.
Beautiful eyes/lips.
I'm not dating. Looking for roust-a-bout, kinky, smart/savvy, communicative, fun/funny, and romantic girl to go long term with.
Libra to libra, if you care to discuss possibilities, you sleaze, please let me know...no guarantees, well aware, and I'm not much for a girl who does the freeze, rather enjoys her knees. That's pretty sloppy I know, Just got caught up with you tease.
Let me know...I think ... I could like you. Be nice.
Joshua

hey, how's shit going baby?

I really enjoyed your "spend time thinking about section" but my experience with coding or java is basically being the business owner working with programmers on what i need. Although i kick ass at sql...but so does my 5 yo niece.
So we established that obviously im not on same level skill wise so moving on to art...im a huge fan of art in forms of music and film and lit (although not nearly as much as id like to be) and can dig paintings and sculptures and the like...but fall flat on my face when it comes to contemporary or even poetry...ive just never read anything that made any impression on me (ok, so yea i obviously have but not enough to enjoy poetry). As far as me being artsy, well i enjoy art in various forms but ive never taken the time to venture out as i was always the math and science and sport and party guy...which is something ive always regretted and i keep telling myslef learning guitar this year!. But i did rocked a mean clarinet in 8th grade and have done a decent amount of free writing (none which is probaby good mind you)
So how am i doing? Striking out? Well, i do got a cute butt so i got that going for me
But ill stop rambling now but you seem like a really cool chick that i want to get to know (btw, im not misogynist at all and i use chick as everyday talk with any meaning...so i figured why pretend here. If you dont dig that, i understand)
Anyways, take a look at my profile and let me know if youd like to bullshit with one another. Take care

I'm unfortunately self aware enough that the following sentence will get an eye roll. Perhaps a giggle or an exhausted laugh as I'm sure read this statement ALL the time. I think you're cute, seem smart and I'd like to meet you. I'd portray how I'm witty, charming and all that. However, without body language it's rough.

So anyway, it sounded like we might get along so I decided to message you. Not a fan of Suspiria?

"Leeze," you design shit. I write shit. Some compaibility might be found there in our OSes.
That copy and paste idea in life is a good one. You ever figure out if we live in a Nick Bostrom simulation, you should get on that.
Law and Order SVU... why is it still on? Why, Becky? I need to know.

you code and do art stuff? am i dreaming? pinch me ;)

Good morning, Becky 🌞🌹

Hey, how's it goin? I'm Paul. Nice to meet you. So what kind of coding/graphic design do you do?

Those eyes though? Damn.

you're at high risk for carpal tunnel

Sooo I think you and I should hit the Chicago cultural center sometime soon. They always have cool art exhibits and coffee/tea is around the corner. Are you in?

Let's grab a drink later 🍸✌🏼️

I write loops and think in loops for a living, too, what do you know! Additionally, I'm Ian. That's what I have to say for myself at the moment. I'm very interested in taking you out for an informational interview, one I would be glad to sponsor, a modest proposal I'm making altogether naive of any gender politics it may insinuate (favorably or unfavorably for me).

Hi, I'm John. Do you feel you open up easily or are you more guarded?

And I was at Cheesecake Factory. Now I'm home relaxing. Eating my burrito was exhausting!

Hi, I'm Josh it rhymes with "nosh" and "posh"
I like arty glitched out chicks that know how to use a computer. Do you play any games?


I'm pretty much messaging you because you like whiskey. And you're pretty and stuff. And I think you'd like my butt.
I'm Angel! Wanna chat?


You're absolutely breathtaking. I hope someone tells you that every day.

I love that play'doh lettering for Suspiria. Have you tried using that for any projects?

Wow you're gorgeous, and what a pretty smile ;) How's your night going?

Hey there eyebrows
You're gorgeous. So you do front end Web Development and watch Italian horror movies from the 70s? You're pretty cool

You're such a babe!
Hi! I'm David

Designing and coding sound exciting! Def curiosity_in(life):
For part in life:
Print (life)

Your profile has piqued (although not yet peaked!) my interest and thus I might like to explore the potential of a mutually enriching personal relationship. Holla.
